  So what's this?
  Tastes his choice moment between you guys.
  This is really nice.
  You got to think of swans as it's like a fetish,
  it's something like maybe we need to devote some time to.
  Thought about what you said to me the other day.
  About my painting.
  Huh.
  Instead of half the night thinking about it.
  Something occurred to me.
  I fell into a deep peaceful sleep and I haven't thought about you since.
  You know what occurred to me?
  No.
  We're just a kid.
  Do you have the faintest idea what you're talking about?
  Why thank you.
  Tell Ray.
  You've never been out of Boston.
  Nope.
  If I asked you about art you'd probably give me the skinny on every art book ever written.
  Michelangelo.
  You know a lot about him.
  Life's work.
  Political aspirations.
  Him and the Pope.
  Sexual orientation.
  The whole works, right?
  I bet you can't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel.
  You never actually stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling.
  Seen that.
  If I ask you about women, it'd probably give me a silver so your personal favorites.
  You may have even been laid a few times.
  But you can't tell me what it feels like to wake up next to a woman and feel truly happy.
  You're a tough kid.
  I ask you about war, you probably throw Shakespeare at me, right?
  Once more into the breach, dear friends.
  But you've never been near one.
  You've never held your best friends head in your lap.
  And watch him gasp his last breath looking to you for help.
  I ask you about love.
  It probably caught me a sonnet.
  But you've never looked at a woman and been totally vulnerable.
  I've known someone that could level you with her eyes.
  Feeling like God put an angel on earth just for you.
  I could rescue you from the depths of hell.
  And you wouldn't know what it's like to be her angel.
  To have that love for her be there forever.
  Through anything.
  Through cancer.
  And you wouldn't know about sleeping, sitting up in a hospital room for two months, holding her hand.
  Because the doctors could see in your eyes that the terms visiting hours don't apply to you.
  You don't know about real loss.
  Because that only occurs when you love something more than you love yourself.
  I doubt you've ever dared to love anybody that much.
  I look at you.
  I don't see an intelligent, confident man.
  I see a cocky, scared, shitless kid.
  But you're a genius, well, no one denies that.
  No one could possibly understand the depths of you.
  But you presume to know everything about me because you saw a painting in my mind.
  You ripped my fucking life apart.
  You went off and right?
  Do you think I'd know the first thing about how hard your life has been?
  How you feel? Who you are?
  Because I've read all of the twists.
  Does that encapsulate you?
  Personally, I don't give a shit about all that because you know what?
  I can't learn anything from you. I can't read in some fucking book.
  Unless you want to talk about you.
  Who you are.
  And I'm fascinated.
  I'm in.
  But you don't want to do that, do you, sport?
  You're terrified of what you might say.
  You're moved, Chief.
  ♪♪
  [MUSIC]
  you
